Docs improvements (#961)
anatawa12/AvatarOptimizer: .docs/content/docs/basic-concept/index.md

This behavior is treated as a bug since this makes impossible to animate them separately.\
You may use this bug to sync the BlendShape animation of an Skinned Mesh Renderer with one of another Skinned Mesh Renderer.\
However, this is not supported behavior and some other components may break the behavior.\
For example, `Automatically Freeze BlendShape` in `AAO Trace and Optimize` component will freezes the BlendShapes which might be animated with this buggy behavior by being merged by `AAO Merge Skinned Mesh` component.

## How is the behavior of Avatar Optimizer stable for future versions? {#behavior-stability}

Avatar Optimizer uses the [Semantic Versioning] for versioning and mostly applies the rules of Semantic Versioning to the behavior of the components.

We guarantee that the behavior of already added components will not be changed in the same major version.\
However, we may add new features for already implemented component and the behavior of newly added components may be changed.

In some bugs, fixing them may change the behavior of the component widely.\
To fix such bugs, we usually add new flag to enable the new behavior.\

> By making the flag disabled by default for existing components, we keep the behavior of the existing components and by making the flag enabled by default for newly added components, we fix the bug for new components.

Author: 両方揃えたほうが良さそうかな

> By making the flag disabled by default for existing components, we keep the behavior of the existing components and by making the flag enabled by default for newly added components, we fix the bug for new components.

Author: ```suggestion
By making the flag disabled by default for already added components, we keep the behavior of the existing components and by making the flag enabled by default for newly added components, we fix the bug for newly added components.
```

> By making the flag disabled by default for existing components, we keep the behavior of the existing components and by making the flag enabled by default for newly added components, we fix the bug for new components.

Reviewer: であれば、
```suggestion
By making the flag disabled by default for already added components, we keep the behavior of already added components and by making the flag enabled by default for newly added components, we fix the bug for newly added components.
```
